[Music]
Rainbow Dash, are you okay?
I think so.
I feel better. Really, I do. Thanks,
everybody. I don't know what I'd do
without you.
[Music]
Hey, I'm sure I miss you. Oh, I'm
asleep. Don't wake me up.
Oh, I'm asleep. Don't wake me up.
Oh
my
[Music]
asleep to wake me up.
So, you really want to do this thing,
huh?
[Music]
Well, ready for some winter fun.
I'm going to hang here and read a bit.
That little Never get to sleep without a
bedtime story
right there.
Oh, I'm asleep. Don't wake me up.
[Music]
That sure is true.
That sure. Oh, holy [__] Two love
letters series songs in a row.
[Music]
Meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow. Meow meow
meow meow
meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow
I just ate hot Cheetos, so it's a little
bit hard to do anything.
Oh, this makes me so sniffly
and sneezy. But here's the meow.
[Music]
Let's see if I remember.
So lovely.
Um, okay. That was that was like a nice
a nice a nice way to use evening trot.
I did remember. Yeah. Hello, wonders.
Um, sometimes if I take too long, I'll
like completely forget how to do the
second layer solve for some reason, just
because the triggers feel weird
sometimes.
But that's fine. I did it this time.
It's whatever.
Um, I released Baddy. Where's Baddy?
Baddy.
Daddy said, "Hello, Bubba City." Daddy,
donuts jumping on the bed.
One fell off in 328.
Sure.
Okay. Sure, if you so desire. Um,
um, today I'll say again, I don't know,
just feeling the lemon lemon again. I
don't know why it's the combination of
sweet and not sweet, the combination of
spicy and sour is just a really good
combination.
Like spicy and sour, both the flavors
that make you wse a lot and then you put
them together and it makes you wse even
more and it's like really nice.
I'm on that good cushion alcohol.
Actually, what was it during the one of
the Red Dead streams I was doing? I
accidentally like chased like uh hot
Cheetos with like whiskey and it was
like the weirdest sensation ever.
I'm going to try it again. I'm going to
try this again with the limb on.
How the [__] do you pronounce it? Hold
up.
Okay.
So like
first first these
and then
try that right after.
Yeah, it's a really strange flavor.
Very strange.
It's It's It's interesting. It's like
I Okay, you know what it's like? It's
like the the It's like the whiskey turns
it into like beef jerky flavor. It
suddenly tastes like beef jerky.
Like spicyish beef jerky.
It's interesting.
It also makes it kind of there's like a
creamy milky aftertaste. That's weird.
Probably some some way the ethanol is
mixing with the cheese in the Cheetos.
Maybe
daddy said want the ro.
Yeah. I don't know.
Like there the whiskey and hot Cheetos.
There's like a creamy aftertaste. I
genuinely think it's probably something
to do with like the the alcohol touching
the the cheese particles.
Your Cheetos should not be creamy. Stop
having them like that. It's true.
OG albody.
Should I show the I'm going to show some
of the creatures really quickly.
Where are my creatures?
Oh,
some creatures for today.
Sure, you can show the world those
things.
I can. Yeah. Hot Cheeto and tequila on
the rocks.
I can't stand uh like I can't stand
alcohol with ice in it. I just can't.
It like waters it down so much and like
the whiskey itself is already so light
that it's like
putting water in it just kind of like
does it makes it turns into nothing.
Man, I'm so [__] green.
Where's my other greens?
my green [__] world.
Yeah, [__]
Yeah, v
here comes my favorite one.
Just like
it's Michael Gira's dog.
We keep it green here at Violet Pony
Fickle.
Was put in the ground. Put was put out
of the ground too early.
It tastes to be green.
I'm constantly in a state of torment. I
am torn between I should draw and I
should make music. Yeah, I feel that.
All right, last green one. Last green
one. Last green one.
The last green [__]
I suddenly have an urge to show everyone
the funny web punk samples.
What are we thinking?
Okay,
let's do it.
table. It's green.
green album when
Wait, hold on. Do I not have a green
album?
Holy [__] I don't have a green album,
do I?
I mean, maybe Super Porny World a little
bit, but that one's like greenish
purple. It transposes into purple. There
isn't really a green album. How about
just single covers?
Oh, wait. You know what? No, no, never
mind. I mean, kind of the baddy kind of
the baddy ones here, but still not as
green as could be. [__] Mary Carol.
Sure.
Holy wow, there's like no green.
Daddy said you need make green album and
I do green art.
Let's make the green album.
Yes, bro.
Time to make the green album. It's time
to remember. It's time to remember.
Okay,
this is web punk.
Um, I mainly wanted to show one specific
part
if I can. Hi.
Hello.
Hi. Hello.
Hi. Hello. Let me in.
[Music]
That's a lot of latency. Okay, let's
remove this.
And then let's remove this. And then we
should have better latency now.
[Music]
on so much louder than Mike. Yeah. Hold
on.
[Music]
[Applause]
So,
[Music]
this is this is right here. This song
is a song I wrote when I was 11, I think
it was.
Oh, come on. Now it's got to do this.
Hold on.
[Music]
So,
I wrote this when I was like 11. And
that's here.
Uh,
as this one's down here.
[Music]
That's the heretic.
This is the heretic and pest combined.
[Music]
This has passed.
That's also passed here.
[Music]
[Applause]
And that one should be Where the [__] is
Sledge?
There's There's the Sledge.
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh, there's also Sledge here.
What is this? Oh, Sunny Mor's lust bug.
[Music]
[Applause]
It's literally just like this. This is
like the monarch section.
[Music]
[Applause]
And also this here
[Music]
is actually a lightning a lightning bolt
teaser at the beginning of the album,
you know, in web punk. And what's funny
is
lightning bolt was one of the first
songs they finished for the album. So,
but then people heard web punk first
and so I thought it was kind of fun to
tease uh lightning bolt through this way
cuz you know album the first part is all
about like you know ignoring the the
deeper problems that Vid is having.
She's like trying really hard to like
forget them and this is like an
indication that like hey this is going
to happen eventually if you keep this
[__] up you know. Um,
the original demo for Lightning Bolt was
called The World's Most Mysterious
House,
and it originally sounded like this.
[Music]
Oops.
And originally I wasn't going to have
anything on Love and Pony Steps sound
like that cuz that sounds almost more
like Girls Who are Wizards. And I found
a way to to make it make sense in the
middle of of Lightning Bolt. Like I
thought that that progression was too
good to like waste or anything. Um there
was another demo near it.
It was the
I think it was the cadence one.
Wait, what the [__] was trap?
I think I made this on stream.
Okay, that has nothing to do with this.
Um then the first time I have lightning
bolt
[Applause]
[Music]
original idea for lightning bolt didn't
really change very much, but the
the demo really close to it was Oh,
wait. No, not
it was this. There was a demo right next
to Lightning Bolt's original demo, which
was this
[Music]
[Applause]
Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
Heat.
[Music]
I think that was originally an idea that
I had for 11 pony stuff. I just didn't
like how it how it worked for the album.
But that was like right next to
lightning bolt.
Um I don't really think about playing
playing any local fur events or
anything. I'm not a furry, so it's like
it's not like my first thought.
DIY is everything
is chrome
very simple square patch I made
like this one because it shifts around
shifts around a lot.
[Music]
I do have a persona, but I'm not a
furry.
[Music]
Yes, this is I think this is a preset
from Silent that I like to use because I
think Scratton used one used it in a
song once. So, I really like this
preset.
[Music]
What's the difference? Furry is a label
I don't claim claim at all. I'm just
like me. I don't really I don't really
participate in the furry community or
want to be a furry. Same thing with the
brony community. I think I've talked
about this before. I'm like I'm like
selectively contrarian. The truth is is
I'm not a brony or a furry even if like
my interests and my art intersects with
those things. However,
I will call myself a brony or a furry if
it pisses someone off, you know, if it
like upsets someone who definitely
deserves to be upset. So that's that's
where I will say that. Um but but the
truth is that I'm not either of these
things.
[Music]
The song sounds really small without the
master.
Can we get the Can I get the master back
in? Here's the Here's here's what it
sounds like mastered.
[Music]
I don't know if anyone's ever going to
catch this normally, but Shel's singing
in the background here.
[Music]
Try to expect a solo career from her. I
have no idea.
[Music]
Most of the things for this song are
pretty simple. Like this is like a
a preset that Nero used in Welcome
Reality.
[Music]
Oh, and fun fact,
this folder, anything labeled DF and
then a number is something that I
originally made for Dragonfly.
And what happened was I for for Walking
Beside a Dragonfly, I basically spent
months playing instruments and doing
sound design and and building a a huge
folder of recordings and stuff to use.
Um, what does your mastering chain add
so much latency? Actually, it's mostly
just the RXD click on the vocals.
uh which is adding 665 milliseconds of
latency. I was too lazy to remove it. So
um anyway, anything labeled DF and the
numbers for the Dragonfly sessions. And
basically I originally made that folder
of stuff just for Dragonfly. And then I
realized that like if I used a bunch of
the sounds that I had created for
Dragonfly in other parts of the album,
it would help tie together everything
leading up to Dragonfly. And so in
different parts of the album, I sprinkle
in recordings from that session. And
here's one of them.
[Music]
So that's here in this context. And it's
also arr
thinking like the ordinary
rep.
It's fun.
[Music]
This is just guitar I played. Not much
to say here.
I really like the tone I got on this.
What was I using here? Oh, I was using
um
the archetype pini
amp for this one.
If I take if I take this off, it sounds
like this.
[Music]
Maybe if I take this off too.
So this this really adds a lot this amp.
[Music]
amp. Hold on.
If he's got a suitcase, make him want to
play.
Can you hear it?
[Music]
Let me change it so you can still hear
it, but it just doesn't have the amp
anymore.
bring out the juicer to sing about a
healthy life.
Make him want to play.
And that's that's kind of why the amp
you use is more important than the
guitar you're using
is uh some advice
cuz you could actually make like,
you know, the Squire $200 guitar sound
really incredible. It's just a decent
amp. That's all you need. This amp isn't
even like pretty sure you can get this
for under $100. So, it's not like it's
going to kill anyone anyway.
Or you could just pirate it, but it's
not that expensive for an amp that's as
good as it is.
Um,
I mean, neural DSP, they, you know, they
charge a pretty intense amount for their
for the amps in total, especially cuz
the amps sort of focus on specific
sounds of like artists. But god damn, I
wish I had it during Mon I was using
just guitar rig for Monarch. If I had
had these amps during Monarch, it's
crazy. But the good news is that that uh
Promise Complex is going to have a lot
more rock music again, so the amps will
come in handy with that.
Is there anything like extremely fun
about the bases or is it just like
Yeah, it's just just my classic
fatty silence base that I like to make a
lot.
My my base tech my base technique is
always just like with with the silence
the fatty one is you go you know pretty
intense 24 slope filter drive all key
tracking all the way up and get a lot of
the tone out of the resonance and uh a
distortion here. Um the cut off is
arbitrary. This is nothing but first
oscillator is is just one sine wave and
then the second one is a four four
unison saw wave with pretty pretty
decent D-tuning uh re-trigger just on
the sine wave just for phase consistency
on the sine wave. The saw wave is going
to be pretty messy anyway so it doesn't
really matter. Um but I do have that and
just throwing that into
this insane curve which is not necessary
in an OTT. That's just my That's my one
of my favorite bass sounds is just that
super bassy and cut through any mix like
this.
[Music]
Where are my strings? Where are my
strings?
some silence or nexus rather.
What's your master? Let's take a look.
First is like EQ. Not even doing
anything with the pots. Just uh
just the low low frequency high mono
highp pass thing. and for the side
frequencies and then doing the low cut
and high cut at 11 and 28k
which this is pretty generous. I could
probably still you know cut more of that
but um I actually have the oxide which
is that makes this the big fat u pulling
it back a lot um
cuz I I tend to I tend to have a pretty
decent amount of loudness by the first
stage anyway so I didn't need it going
that hard. um prom which you can see
what it's doing here
[Music]
the big focus is controlling this here
settings is attack clamps down pretty
fast promp is a multiband compressor so
what this is doing is it's taking
different parts of this frequency
spectrum and compressing it based on the
settings I have here um for the low end
specifically this frequency
[Music]
frequency range. The main idea is trying
to to control the the bass flow with the
kick drum because the kick drum is
pretty intense.
Um, and trying to make sure that they're
just not going crazy at each other. Um,
the attack is really fast. If I did
this, for example, the compression would
start really slowly. Instead, I have the
attack basically as fast as possible so
that the moment this hears something
going over the threshold, it starts to
do compression immediately and then it
takes, you know, a longer time for the
for the compression to stop happening.
Um,
in this case, I wouldn't do this setting
on like higher
frequency stuff. Like for example, for
the high frequencies, it's literally
causing distortion on purpose here. For
this, for the uh the high mids and the
mids, the attack is pretty slow and the
release is pretty fast. So, it's going
to do a pretty transparent compression
here like this.
A lot of the the transient information
that we perceive is going to be
important. All the bass needs to do is
be thumpy. It doesn't have to have that
kind of same slap as up here. So,
[Music]
so that have a little bit more
heavy-handed immediate compression. Oh,
actually, I need to change this setting.
Oh, no, that's fine. Yeah. Um, and then
here
kind of the same setting as the low end
really.
I have bloom here and this is mostly for
creating stereo stuff. So uh this is
like a frequency uh algorithmic
balancing thing that sounds and what I
mainly use this for is for stereo width.
I used to use isotope for this sort of
stuff but I do not like ozone or any of
that stuff anymore. It's like really not
transparent and it gets really messy
really easily and I just don't like it.
Uh, and the [__] limiter and clipper
for ozone stuff sucks and also iZotope
sucks as a company. That's a whole other
conversation. Um,
but uh for this for this it's like
you're mainly I'm splitting the the four
bands which is operating very similarly
to Prombb right here. I'm splitting the
four bands um and pushing the side
channels up. So, if you're listening to
music in stereo, if you're listening to
the stream in stereo right now, you will
be able to hear what's happening. If
you're listening to the stream in mono,
you're not going to hear anything when I
do this.
So, if you're listening to mono, if
you're listening to the stream in mono
right now, you didn't hear that what I
just did. Everyone else, you heard that
sound. Anyway, um what's happening is
I'm rebalancing the mono and stereo
signals. Um so I I'll I'll go between
these. Watch. So here's the stereo
signal or the side. There's not the
stereo signal. This is the side signal.
And then the mono signal is here.
[Music]
[Applause]
So, long story short, you know, putting
this in as simple terms as possible,
what this is doing is making the whole
mix sound wider, like like much much
more spacious to your ears. If I turn
this off, it falls apart in the width
variety.
[Music]
moving what is moving the little tab
left and right do again this is just
focusing the frequency that it's
affecting it's still limited to a
certain frequency range but you have a
little bit of freedom here and so
usually I'm focusing you know on
different parts of the sound that I want
to emphasize and deemphasize
um this this is you can technically do
this manually if you want to, but I I
found this this plugin to be pretty
transparent if you don't abuse it. If
you push this thing really hard, it can
sound really gross. Here, watch.
There's no need for that. So, um using
bloom subtly can can really bring out a
song a little bit.
Anyway, um after that I have this
corrective EQ, which usually people
recommend once you're at this stage in
the mastering to not do boosts and to
only do cuts, but I don't give a [__]
because this is going into a clipper
after, so who [__] cares.
Uh you have this noise floor, by the
way. I'm pretty sure because of this, if
I turn this off. No. Where is that noise
floor coming from? Actually, I'm
curious. It doesn't matter. You're not
going to hear this, but
is it drums? No. Is it bases? No. Is it
FX? No. Is it melody? No. Is it vocals?
Turn off all these.
Oh,
it's coming from the FX stem maybe and
the melody stem.
Okay. So, something I have in in vocals,
melody, and FX are both contributing
like a lowle noise to to this. Again,
you're not going to hear this. This is
negative 100 dB. It doesn't matter, but
you know.
But yeah. Okay. Um, and then here I am
going into K clip, which is just taking
the
the loudest parts of the song and just
clipping it really hard. It's just a
hard clipper. Um, so that makes it
louder. That helps it not peak and go
crazy. And then last but not least, this
is situational. I don't always use this,
but I'm using the the Vice DS Mark III
limiter.
And this is giving us a whole three dB
of of uh compression and stuff. And so
this this is this is working overtime
past the clipper. Um you could
technically switch the place of the
clipper and the limiter if you want to.
Um but in this case I wanted the the the
YSDS1 Mark III imparts like a little
pumping feeling and I kind of wanted
that to be the focus by the end of the
chain. If I put it before the clipper
that it would be a little bit less
emphasized because the clipper would be
trying to push back on it again. Uh clip
off the edges of that like pumping. So
or would it? Maybe it wouldn't.
Using my big fat brain right now.
Um let's try it.
Oh yeah. Yeah, that no. Yeah, I'm right.
Okay. Anyway, so uh switching the place
of the limiter and the clipper in this
case just makes it sound more choppy and
and gross. And so this is the order that
they needs to be in. But yeah, this this
does some pumping and and limiting by
the very end of the chain. And I really
like what what what the DS1 Mark III
doesn't always work on all the material
I throw at it. Um, but for the times
that it does, it it just puts a big fat
sparkle on stuff. Um, and in this case,
because this is such a pop beat oriented
song where the rhythm is like the exact
same the entire time, this thing kills
cuz it creates that pumping effect
pretty nicely. This thing can be pretty
transparent, too. Um, if you take away
the compression stage of
the compression stage either, so that's
like cool. Um,
you'll also notice that I'm never I'm
almost never using the preview function,
which is a look ahead function
basically. Um, you really want to avoid
using look ahead for your limiters if
you're focusing on loudness. If you're
focusing on transparency, sometimes it's
fine. But like for stuff like that's
like really beat heavy like this song
where you know the drums are are pretty
heavy-handed, heavy hoofed, um doing
look ahead functions on your limiter is
going to make the compressor get really
scared, you know, way too far in
advance. It's going to start compressing
before the next kick drum hits. It's
just like you you don't want that. That
takes away from the energy quite
intensely. So,
but for showing like orchestral music,
maybe for something like um maybe even
R&B music, you know, maybe Look Ahead
isn't going to hurt your master too
badly cuz the reason why you would even
want it in the first place is because it
it it provides more overload protection
at the limiting stage, but it can be at
the expense of transient emphasis and
like punchiness to stuff. Do you start
doing the master channel when the whole
song is finished or you can already
start doing it on like the first demo? I
only master at the very end. The song
should sound as good as it can be
without any mastering whatsoever. That's
my opinion.
Um, some people do top down mastering,
which is what you're describing. Um, and
for me personally, I feel like that
makes it harder to write my music
sometimes, unless something I'm doing
really really needs to like have some
level of like loudness protection and
cohesion before.
Um, but I rarely am doing I'm rarely am
putting anything on the master before
the song is done. Uh, and the latency
would also Yeah. [__] things up too cuz
let's see the the Wise Mark III.
What does this do? This gives us uh
168 milliseconds of latency. How about K
clip? K clip should be zero. 0.88. Um
Bloom. How much is Bloom giving us? 23
milliseconds of latency. Uh does the
oxide do any latency? 1.8. That's not a
big deal. How about this one?
39 milliseconds of latency. So, will you
ever do a project with Candy Claus type
mixing? I don't know, but I'd really
like to
load question, but if you master in the
song project, how do you deal with song
transitions? So, this is going to like
be really a painful thing for me to say
because this is the most painstaking way
to do it.
But, I plan everything ahead of time.
I basically when I'm writing the album,
when I was writing this album, I didn't
finish like stuff until I knew how the
songs would transition into each other.
And even though I'm mastering in each
individual project, I was accounting for
what would come next and how I would put
them together that way. That is like the
most painstaking way of doing it. I
know, but
that that is that was the only way to do
it for my own sanity, I think.
So I didn't have any reference point. I
was doing it all separately.
Of all your songs, which do you think
would be the song if I wanted to break
it down and dissect it to understand
learn from your sound?
My sound it gets so different depending
on what I'm doing is the complicated
thing. maybe the most well-rounded
thing. Um,
I would say,
huh, that's a really good question.
What will be the definitive song to
study? Um,
[__]
Probably Hush. I would say Hush would
probably be Hush would probably be the
best song to to study. I think
through Hash goes through enough motions
of stuff that I like to do that it would
be really helpful. I think
some batch insane mixing techniques that
you can't really hear in the finished
product are definitely there. Um
yeah, but most of them didn't work out
well.
Um,
so
wouldn't be that exciting to talk about.
I think
usually those are the failures.
There is song there are songs like Dove
Not to Be where I pushed it as hard as I
could into a clipper.
That song is loud as [__] Hold on.
If you guys don't listen. Actually, this
might be hard to tell because we're
still doing this over YouTube, but this
song is really [__] loud.
[Music]
Here's the thing. I'm going to I'm going
to talk about loudness in a minute, but
um I'll answer the question. Was there
ever a period where you mastered your
songs in different project file? There
isn't a period of time. It always
depends on like the song. There are a
few songs I've done in a separate
project file doing the mastering and the
one that is the most
evil evil evil one for me was um
Never Looking Back on Fairy Tales. I
don't know why this song was so hard for
me cuz I think I'd be able to do it
better now, but I spent like 10 hours
straight trying to master it. And it's
it wasn't because it was hard to. It was
just because I didn't know what I was
doing. I wasn't smart enough to be
honest. It was a skill issue.
Um,
this one
[Applause]
like this whole uh wall of sound stuff
here.
[Music]
I did not know how to master that back
then. Now I obviously know how to do I
obviously know how to do wall sound
mastering if not shown by you know doing
stuff like fish whisperer like this
and also creek flow. Oh,
[Music]
that stuff could be pretty difficult to
to master and for it to sound good. I am
going to remaster some of my old songs.
Yeah.
Um, but loudness loudness is something
that the average listener does not think
about whatsoever. Um, but it is the idea
of how loud your song is in a neutral
space. So, what I'm going to be doing
here is this is going to be playing
through my Apple Music local files. So,
there's going to be no volume adjustment
whatsoever. You're going to hear I'm
going to put this at the loudest volume
my Apple Music can go. And we'll we'll
go through this a little bit because
loudness is such a big thing that people
do not realize is a big thing. Um,
Spotify has changed a lot about that
stuff. So, for example, if I go to
something like, oh, I don't know.
You know what? Here's a good example.
Let's let's play this. Let's do uh one
of these.
A volume right
now.
Try and mentally remember how loud this
is for a second. I got
And I'm not talking about how loud the
elements are individually. I'm talking
about how loud the song is as a single
file.
[Music]
Now playing this at the same volume on
my computer. Listen to this.
[Applause]
[Music]
Now,
I probably don't need to tell you that
this is much louder,
right? I probably don't need to tell you
that this is much louder than Kendrick
Lamar's GNX. Um, Sizzy is the [__]
queen of getting this [__] [__] loud,
by the way. But, um, but holy [__]
that's loud. Right now, let's go over to
Skrillex. Let's go listen to this album.
Check out this uh this voltage here.
Yeah.
[Music]
So that's cool. Right now listen to
this.
[Music]
[Applause]
Even though the elements in Skrillex's
Voltage are like
musically louder, as a song, Voltage is
not louder than Phone Tap at all. Phone
Tap is so [__] loud. And the thing is
is
you you'll be tempted to think that, oh
well, you know, if this is a problem,
I'll just turn up and down my volume,
right? But the thing is is that people
subconsciously associate loudness with
power and loudness with quality.
And like there's this huge struggle of
balancing how loud you can get your song
while having it not distort and fall
apart completely.
This entire concept is called the
loudness war. And ever since digital
music was a thing, this started to
become a really big issue. Some people
choose to participate in it and some
people don't. And it's it's really
complicated because a lot of this is
psychological. And you could argue that
participating in it ruins the dynamics
of different songs because in order to
make a song super loud, you usually have
to do compression techniques and
clipping techniques and like sacrifice
like qualities of different sounds so
that you can just push a little bit of
extra decibb into the loudness of stuff,
right? And so it's a whole thing. Um,
now what I will say is that space laces
mastering is immaculate.
Like this song is so goddamn loud and
yet
we are controlling transmission.
[Music]
And yet that master is clean as all
[__] Like what the hell? There's like
no unwanted distortion in that drop
whatsoever.
That is just like clean. And you have to
realize let's like let's let's go to
this for a second.
This too loudly from here.
That is unpleasant distortion because it
is uneven and it doesn't sound right
because it's the clipper and the
compressor fighting with each other.
Right? If I try to do it from the
compression stage, watch this.
[Music]
Do you hear with this technique? It's
pumping a lot. The volume is really
inconsistent.
[Music]
Now, obviously, I'm overdoing it a
little bit, but this is to show a point
that like getting your song to be loud
isn't as easy as just turning a thing
up, right? You have to do a lot of like
if I wanted to increase the volume of
everything to the volume I was trying to
push this to just now. I would have to
go in here and be like, "Okay, let's
let's go and and sacrifice the the bass
frequencies over here." Um, you know,
get some of this down and make the bass
weaker, right? you know, remove some of
the subharmon harmonic stuff here that's
giving some tone to the to the drums
afterwards and whatnot. You had to do a
lot of sacrifices and and do a lot of
compression and stuff on on things. And
eventually something that could be
dynamic and like really like open
feeling turns into this squashed sausage
of a song just to get it to be louder.
Um,
and so again, I'm going to play this
again. Knowing this stuff, hearing how
godamn clean this master is,
[Music]
When that kick drum hits and and it
pushes the bass away, it is so
consistent and so tight. It's just what
the hell does space laces do to get the
music to sound like this. No one
actually [__] knows. He's a [__]
mystery. Anyway, um you'll notice that
I'm halfway between fighting the war and
halfway not. Because if you compare my
masters, for example, let's let's go to
um
what's a good let's let's do this one.
[Music]
And you compare that with, you know,
I'm clearly not making my music as loud
as Sizzy. Um,
and like for me it's partial because the
material I don't want to sacrifice a lot
of the stuff that I construct with this
song. Um, and uh, a lot of other artists
often are are making their music with
the mastering techniques in mind. Um,
Sissy's a genius at this is is she's
doing things consistently so that in the
mastering stage it just [__] works.
But for me, um, I'm I'm really stubborn
and if I do something in the song, I
want it to sound that way, you know, by
the end. And so I usually am not trying
to sacrifice things, you know, to do
that. Um,
there isn't a right way to do these
things necessarily. You know, a lot of
this is subjective, but um I'm trying to
think like if you compare my master and
Sizzy's masters to someone like Savant,
for example, Savant's music
is
where is Sant music?
Help
Simon's music is like let's do Vario for
example.
Where is Vario?
[Music]
This song is mastered pretty quietly.
Again, compare that to to Jester.
[Music]
So like my drop for Jester is much
louder than the drop for Splinter by
Savant. And
um the these things are really really
big across the board. And what's funny
is obviously one of my favorite bands is
Swans. And Swans is well known for being
really heavy and being really big and
being really whatever. But what's really
funny is their songs are mastered really
really quietly. Let's play some Sizzy
again.
[Music]
Okay. And now The Glowing Man, which is
like a really loud song to me and yet
[Music]
Go back to Sizzy.
Now, here's the thing. loudness is also
a little bit genre dependent as well. So
obviously EDM is going to be mastered
louder than Swans for obvious reasons.
And yeah, Swans is still quieter than
like a lot of their own the own
competitors. Not competitors, but like
people in rock music essentially like
I'm pretty sure I was mastering louder
than Swans for Monarch. Let me do uh
[Music]
so that's Swans
and here's play dead.
[Music]
So, it's like even in in similar genre
spaces, you know, both being the format
of rock music, um, Swans is still like
quiet. Now, the thing is is that the
advantage to Swans is the way they
master their music. I'm pretty sure
Michael Gira does the mastering and the
production and all that stuff is the
dynamics. The quietest parts are as
quiet as necessary and the loudest parts
are as loud as necessary. You know, that
dynamic range and stuff. Um,
for some people, a lot of this just is
not going to be a problem because again,
you just change the volume. But for a
lot of other people, they're going to
psychologically perceive weakness and
strength in music engineering through
the way something is mastered loudly.
Um,
which is interesting and sometimes
unfortunate and it causes people
including me a little bit to, you know,
try and push things pretty intensely in
the master. So about loves at the end of
my mastering chain here is true level by
assible and don't worry about plus three
true peak. Um and
uh I'm using this to monitor my loudness
of the songs. And the way it works is
you're for for streaming services like
Spotify and Apple Music are going to
change the overall volume loudness of
your songs depending on how loud they
are. And the reason why they do this is
to even the experience across all
things. Songs that are too quiet get
lifted up. Songs that are too loud get
changed down so that you're when you're
listening to playlists specifically on
Spotify that the volume doesn't jump all
over the place. Um, I don't know
precisely how much I do or don't agree
with this practice, but it is the
industry standard. They do this in
Spotify. They do this in Apple Music.
They do this in um YouTube and
everything.
And so there is a a measurement called
LUS, LUFS, which stands for loud
loudness units full scale. And
um
like
uh how do I say this? Lux is not an
objective. It's not an objective
measurement of volume.
LuS is a subjective
measurement of loudness the way we
perceive it. it it accounts for
different frequencies that we're more
we're more like sensitive to and it also
accounts for dynamics a little bit.
And so LUS is a really weird thing
because it's like a metric that isn't
fully objective which is a very
complicated thing to throw in an
otherwise very objective way of
measuring things. Nonetheless,
um the standard for streaming is -14 LS.
If you reach -14 LS, then your song
doesn't have to be turned up. And what
most streaming services tell you is that
it is much better for your song to get
turned down than to get turned up. So,
as long as you're above -14 LUTs, then
they say that you're good. But in my
experience, when I listen to music that
was mastered, you know, to achieve just
a minimum of -14 LS, I just find myself
turning the volume a lot, you know. Um,
and then I'm like psychologically
perceiving the strength of that, you
know, in in tandem. Hello moonlight
glow.
Mm- mlight glow said bellow. Moonlight
glow glow glow glow.
Moonlight glow. Moonlight glow.
[Music]
Moonlight glow. Right. Okay. She left.
That's so sad. I was singing her
lullabi.
You scared her.
I know. I'm I'm like really nice.
That's her lullabi song. Okay, whatever.
Um
so -14 leftsah blah blah blah blah blah
what I try and achieve is around8
uh I I try I try to gogative8 LS is the
thing I do there are a couple songs on
love and pony step where we reach like
five ls which is really loud it's like
really loud I'm pretty sure the songs
that reach negative The five ls are
live, laugh, love because I don't know.
I don't exactly know how I got the song
to be as [__] loud as it is, but
[Applause]
I don't know how I made this song that
loud. I'm going to be some completely
honest. It was probably just an
accident.
Um, and then the other one I think is
Damn, what was the other one? I think it
was I think it was a Wax.
[Music]
And something that I don't think most
people are going to realize is how
[__] hard it was to master Love and
Pony Step. Because we have acoust we
have an acoustic melod. We have an
industrial hip-hop song. We have a bro
we have brostep music. We have like
[__] um '9s teen pop music
all on the same album.
I don't know. I don't know if people
realize how hard it was to get all these
songs to have relatively the same amount
of loudness given everything I've just
shown and talked about. you know, like
I I really doubt that anyone's going to
listen to this album and be like, "Holy
[__] the volume jumps all over the
place." Because what's funny is that it
kind of does. The volume does kind of
jump all over the place in this album,
but you don't really think about it very
much. And that was because I put so much
focus on on the transitions and I put so
much focus on like easing you into
different parts of it so you wouldn't
have to think about that so much.
And then the times where the volume
jumps do stick out, it's totally on like
purpose. Um, this is such a [__] hard
album to master. I think I talked about
this before, but I remastered Worst Wave
Ever like 10 times. So much so that it
became a joke in Pilcord where
everyone's just like, "We need to
intervene with Gwen because she's like
remastering Worst Wave ever like it's a
drug."
Dare, dare, dare, dare. Dare, dare,
dare. Has no master at least for I don't
I don't know if that's true to be
honest.
Is Is census not census? Is is revenge
seekers
on band camp? Does anyone know?
[Applause]
is
I don't have it on Band Camp. And the
reason why I'm asking is because I would
download the highest quality wave files
from there. I think I bought mine on on
iTunes. So
I have you know what? Hold on.
I have this.
So
let me just pop this in the desk thing.
that should have
higher quality files that are not MP3s
surely.
I miss moonlight glow,
[Applause]
but I'm like so nice.
Daddy said gone,
I'm sorry for singing your lullaby.
If you come back, I won't sing your
lullaby again. I mean, in stream,
sad.
[Music]
So clearly there is some form of
mastering on this because you can see in
the waveform it's clipping
right here. All the samples are are are
still in beneath the threshold.
Um, we might be able to emphasize how
this looks. But if we take
this like that. Yeah, that is that is
clearly clipping.
So there is some sort of sort of master
on JR jar jar. It's probably just a
clipper.
Also, these waveforms are really
interesting. They're like out of phase
on the left and right channels with each
other.
Hell.
Um, I'm curious. I haven't listened to
this in mono. I'm going to see what
happens if I sum this to mono really
quickly.
What happens to the bass if that
happens?
Interesting.
[Music]
Holy [__]
This song like almost completely falls
apart in mono.
I mean, I could tell I could tell it
would because of how out of sync these
waveforms are, but like wow, it really
really f I'm not complaining, by the
way. I find this really interesting. Um,
what does clipping mean? English isn't
my native language. Hold on. I think
people also don't understand what
clipping actually is.
So, let's talk about it. Um,
assuming your source signal is a sine
wave,
clipping is basically where
you take a sound and you chop off the
loudest parts that exceed the overload
threshold of the audio.
And um, so so cuz when something
overloads, clipping clipping is not the
same thing as something being distorted,
by the way. like when you play something
really loudly and it gets really
distorted. That's not clipping. A lot of
people call it that, but that's not
technically what it is. Um, you can call
that distortion sound either like
redlinining or overloading.
Um, but clipping is where you is where
you chop off the waveform just before
you hit that threshold to overload.
Um and clipping is in itself a kind of
distortion because obviously it changes
the waveform and it can result in
something that defic definitionally you
recognize as distortion. Um let me take
for example
um
let's take a quieter song
because this this will emphasize what's
going on. So, walking beside a dragonfly
here. Let's take this.
Let's take this part right here.
Now, if I push this uh into overload,
you're going to see in the meters on the
side here that it's going to turn red.
And you can hear that when it's
overloading, there's like little pops
and glitches and distortion in the
audio.
Now, the reason why overloading
distortion can be kind of concerning is
because here's the thing is sometimes
overload distortion can sound really
cool to your ears. That is absolutely
true. The problem is is that overload
distortion is dependent on the system
that you're playing it at. So, that
overload might sound great on your
headphones and your speakers, but if you
play them on a PA system somewhere, the
distortion might sound completely
different.
absolutely completely different. And
sometimes it could be so completely
different that it destroys the audio
system. Sometimes it could be completely
different that it creates creates some
sort of resonant feedback that [__]
things up really badly. So distortion is
really cool, but what's really important
is that you control it. So, and let's
say for example, you want there to be
some clipping sounding distortion.
Instead of pushing it, you know, to
overload uh the audio threshold, you put
a clipper on it.
Um, let me go here and let me make sure
this is we're doing this in the right
environment. I'm going to overload this
audio and I'm going to say let's have
this be
um
4841. What am I doing? I want this to be
24. Oh, we'll just
we'll export this at 24
this way. And now once this is exported,
now that this is redlinining
overloading, let's turn down the
waveform. And you'll see that like
help me
that we are just completely losing
information
because it's overloading. Oh, actually
no, no, no, no. Uh,
well, technically cuz it's 24,
it probably clipped it that way, too.
Hold on. I'm using my big fat brain for
a second cuz I have to
I think cuz I was using this 24. It was
it was clipping it there. Um but it's
still unpredictable when you're doing it
this way. Let me change this to 32
floating.
Oh, wait. This needs to be louder. No,
it doesn't. I could do this one.
So go here. And
if we're exporting at at a at a lossless
floating point, then you're just going
to lose information like this. Um,
these waveforms are going to get chopped
off by whatever system is playing them.
And so in order for this to be
consistent,
you use a clipper. So instead of pushing
it out into overload like that,
let me add a clipper to get the same
type of distortion.
You still have that same distortion,
similar sounding at least, but now it's
going to be contained entirely within
the file, within the the recording. So
if I change the volume of this, there's
nothing that goes over
You can see that it just completely
squares off the waveform like this
compared to just losing information in
the overload. Um,
and if you do this in small amounts, you
actually don't really hear the clipping
very much. And that's how you can make
something louder without having a lot of
crazy dynamic issues and and artifacting
and whatnot. Obviously, if you use a
clipper as intensely as I did, you're
going to get distortion and stuff, but a
clipper can be a really transparent way
of of doing stuff. Um, anyway,
um,
the difference between a clipper and a
soft clipper is a soft clipper is going
to not have an immediate transfer curve
for that clipping. So soft cupping can
add more distortion.
Um, and is soft cupping is a lot better
for stuff that's like slower,
I think, is probably the best way to put
it. It's it's a more rounded curve,
transfer curve.
They both clip. It's just the manner at
which they do it.
Um, anyway, so all that said is that
JRJRJR is not overloading. It's clearly
clipping.
So,
there's a kind of master on it, whether
it's just an output clipper or something
else. But, but interestingly enough,
back to the whole stereo situation.
Everyone listening in stereo, again,
you'll be able to hear this. People
listening in mono, you won't hear this.
Um, when I change this to mono, and that
is when this utility is on, you're going
to hear it in mono. Actually, I can just
do it this way. So this is on mono and
this is just stereo.
[Music]
Let's solo this. Can we solo the sides?
Um
yeah, I can do this with M2 actually.
[Music]
Uh, first of all, can we change this to
RMS?
And then this this skin has to go.
Okay, fine.
Utility lets you solo sides, I thought.
No, it sort of just does this, I think.
Just makes the sides louder.
Um, so I'm using this. We can solo the
sides this way.
There is a lot going out. Right click
balance.
Right. Right click balance.
Uh-uh.
I don't think you're working
the balance right clicker
three.
That might have been in an old version
of utility. I'm not sure. Anyway, uh
there is so much going in the sides. Um
I'm trying to figure out how do I
explain what side is versus mono. Um
let me let me get this
[Applause]
God, these dude these the diagrams I
think would make it so hard to to
understand
for the average person. I'm just going
to draw my own diagram, guys.
Not balance. Right click width.
Oh my god.
Holy [__] they killed me. What the
[__] I didn't know about this.
Flashback to when you drew this before.
Yeah, I did do this once, didn't I? But
we have a whole new audience here now.
So,
okay.
Come on.
Okay. So,
I'm going to try my best to make this
make sense for everyone who doesn't
understand what's going on. When you're
when
I'm sure everyone has heard the word
stereo sound and the average person, I
think it's tempting to think of stereo.
Oh, that's left and right. Not quite.
So,
let's just say the circle here
is the sound you're listening to. Okay?
And you have
a channel for the left side or that's
not big enough. Channel for the left
side
and a channel for the right side. So
left ear, right ear.
And what happens here is
um so left, right,
and then this part that intersects here
is mono. It's the it's like a sum of
these two together. So mono is like
right in the middle of everything and
the side frequencies are the difference
between the left and the right channels.
So it's like it's a it's a mathematical
difference between the absolute left
side and the absolute right side which
is also happens to be the antithesis of
the mono channel.
So,
with that in mind, um,
if you're listening to sound on a mono
system, which is possible, a lot of PA
systems on mono, um, sometimes your your
phone or your computer can start working
in mono. There's an option for it to to
turn it on. Sometimes other things hog
your audio space, which can turn your
main audio into mono and stuff. A lot of
portable speakers are mono. So like it's
important for your song to sound good in
mono. It should make sense in mono.
Um, can you extract the side only by
inverting one channels waveform? You can
extract
a part of the side by inverting one
channel's waveform.
You you can do it sort of. Yes.
not not fully that that you' be flipping
the phase of one channel basically. Um
but with this um
a lot of complicated production
techniques can sometimes make the side
signal or sometimes make the mids the
mono signal kind of fall apart. The mid
the mid signal mono signal. Um, and I
was noticing that, you know, looking at
this waveform that there's a very big
inongruency between the left and right,
you can see that they're slightly out of
phase with each other. Well, not even
slightly. This is very noticeable.
Noticeably out of phase. I don't even
think I need to explain that this the
left and right waveforms here are out of
sync with each other for everyone. I
think you can see that pretty plainly.
And when that happens, um,
your mono signal is going to fall apart
quite a bit.
So,
um, basically, if you're listening to
JRJ or JJR on a mono system, like a like
a portable speaker, it's not going to
sound as intense or big as it does in
stereo because uh, a lot of the mono
stuff is getting cancelceled out. Um,
and what's interesting is I don't know
if this matters cuz I feel like I feel
like she understands this. I feel like
she did this on purpose
just given how tongue and cheek the
mastering comment was on the YouTube
channel. Um, that said, if we listen
stereo
and then change it to mono
half the instruments and a lot of that
sub are just completely gone. I find
that really interesting. We can listen
to just the stuff that's getting removed
in the mono signal by just listening to
the side signal like this.
If you're listening on a mono speaker,
this is all the stuff you're hearing
right now is going to get removed.
[Music]
And I promise a lot of really cool
effects ruin a stereo sound a lot. So
one of one of like the most classic
effects ever is a chorus, right? The
sound
satisfying.
[Music]
Well, I'm saying average person and just
like average consumers. Like you go to
Walmart and talk to someone and they're
not going to know what this stuff is.
That's what I'm talking about.
[Music]
This is going to fall apart in stereo
because or fall apart in mono because of
the way we're offsetting the phases and
pitches of everything.
Like the sub is just gone now
in mono. And so it's like
people unaware. Damn. Well, I live in
America.
Most Americans are dumb as rocks. I
mean, why do you think we have the
government we have?
[Music]
I find it really interesting. I find
this I find the width of this song very
interesting cuz it does fall apart in
mono, but I kind of just don't care. I
think that's funny. I think that's
interesting.
Anyway,
all very fascinating.
Oh, my stereo ball.
Okay, let's let's take let's mono compel
ability is so 2010s. Yeah, I mean
there's less and less use cases where
mono is is necessary.
Burial, please don't fall on me.
Sorry, Mr. Burial was about to fall on
me. I'll take him I take him out to say
hi. Hey everyone, I'm Burial. It's so
dark in here.
Wait, actually we can share the
[__]
Daddy said inside.
It's like so nice.
Why does my shirt look green?
I promise my shirt isn't green.
It's like fine if it was green, but it's
not
just on camera. It looks green for some
reason.
Well, not that. Not the sleeve.
Interesting. Why are you green? I don't
know.
Help. I'm like sculpting. My paws are
covered in clay. It's so hard to type.
No, it's easy.
cuz of her green talk.
Dude, green rarity. Yeah, it's true.
Moonlight said green hut.
Daddy said yes.
You're becoming the green album.
Green best. Queen.
Okay.
Well, another hour and a half long
conversation about music.
I don't know how I get into these
tangents so intensely.
I just don't know when to stop talking.
Van, you're fine. B,
here's your kibble.
It's like f Bane, you're fine. Look,
you're fine.
There you go. See?
Oh, it's upside down.
Skrillex.
Wait, why is it just Skrillex?
What the [__] Why is it just Skrillex?
How is it like just Skrillex?
What?
How did I do this? What?
That was that was weird.
[Music]
Playing owning a PC all that owning a PC
all that to play on Ps.
Okay. I can tell you're like getting
kind of like on my nerves a little bit.
So if you like chill out then I won't
like remove you.
[Music]
you have like a Reddit quality to the
way you speak. So it's like
like I don't know if I'm clocking you or
if you're just you're just clearless
about it.
Not the super woke.
Not Not super w I [__] I can't You
know what? Anything's better than the
[__] Star Wars season, so it's fine.
I don't even remember how we got here.
Oh, wait. This was like the sp Yeah.
Okay. The spider situation is crazy.
Take a look. Something's bound to catch
your eye.
Catch my eye. What is it? Falling out.
Oh, dear Mr. Kennedy. You appear to have
lost your companion.
She said meeting you once was enough.
As I was growing tired of the modern
touch, let us play this game of ours in
true fight.
bridge.
It looks like a drop. It looks like a
drop. this here specifically.
Do I drop down here?
No, it's not textured.
Oh, I am silly.
Pretty sure it's just this
What?
Oh, you were expecting me
here.
I don't want to deal with this.
Nothing in that.
Keep coming.
Oh, I see what those
[Music]
[__]
It takes new things.
Can you stop it?
I have like two ammo.
Hi.
Those are like not that bad of an enemy
if they're just by themselves.
But then I do this
and it's like really annoying.
Guy wants attention so bad.
I can never get myself to like pairs.
Apples are like superior.
[Music]
Daddy said I love
and we love to play.
Do I want to know?
Don't be afraid.
Ow.
[Applause]
[Music]
Why? Get up.
I keep forgetting about environmental
weapons like the [__]
hanging lanterns.
So like there is this switch
changes the orientation of these doors.
Was that where I I don't remember.
Yeah, aba.
This guy doesn't even know the rona.
Shut up, Kevin.
White boy.
That's my white devil.
I'm going to jump down there for fun.
Oh,
great flow ass move.
What are these sounds you make, white
boy?
Cracker ass little guy.
Wait, why are we talking about Star
Wars?
Now he said what?
There's like a Star Wars subplot
conversation happening right now.
No, no, no.
Okay.
One down.
Oh, wait. Because Darth Vader's here.
Darth Vader, how long have you been
subscribed to Violet Pony?
Question.
Tell me now so I don't have to kill you.
Chat, ready your weapons.
Ow. Why did that do like zero damage to
me?
quite a
quite a long time. Like a month or two
now.
Okay.
New favorite type of guy just dropped.
Another
one. You guys are really starting to
think of a giant pain in my ass.
More like face, right?
Okay. So, what's
what's the play here?
Cannon, maybe.
Ah!
[Music]
H!
Like, ow.
Get this kills.
Go white boy. Go.
Oh, I've been here.
Wait, I'm confused.
I think everything serves to confuse me.
There's like a really big joy in that.
Oh, I know where I am now.
Okay.
[__] Sir Ugly's got me beat.
Sir Ugly has got me beat.
Sure thing.
Gun right. Welcome.
I know. What can I interest you in?
[Music]
Give that the care it deserves, mate.
Come back anytime.
You know, I' I'd like to. Sir O's got me
beat.
Now come on.
shopkeeper is not really worried about
anything. He was worried about one thing
at one point.
Just like alternate ways of getting up
there.
A
heat.
I like this really urgent music, but
this is really just a backtracking
thing.
Okay, I remember this spot. I was like,
I'm going to jump down here for fun.
It feels like these all go to the same
place. So, I'm like really confused.
I must be missing something.
I need to get this open shortly.
I am serious. And don't call me Shirley.
No use. Just wasting ammo.
Thanks for letting me know, Leon.
Let's kill.
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Impossibly.
Oh. Oh, they can kill
There's like a funniness aspect to it.
Wait, so if I open
I I think I understand the puzzle now.
I've been doing it just I didn't
understand it
[Music]
make a lot of sense now.
Laugh.
What? You're going to drop nothing for
me? Oh, when you're splitting. Oh, I get
it now.
[Applause]
Finally, I can make salad.
So then what's the way to get up there?
Oh, I see.
Okay.
Yes.
Canon. Hope it works.
I hope that's not foreshadowing for it
not working.
Hi.
Oh, four shots missed in a row. It's a
new record. That's an academy record,
right?
Can you die? Are you dead? Nope.
Yes. What is this activity? Okay.
the crawler.
We're from like Call of Duty.
Where did that hit me from?
Ktosaurus Rex, get ready.
Adios, you son of a [__]
All right. Open for traffic.
Why does Leon say what he says?
Open for traffic.
Whatever, man. He's white. Oh, he's like
the white boy wonder of it all.
Kind of like a cracker type character.
I do not like the way Leon talks. Yeah,
I I I like him. He's like stupid, but
it's like for my benefit that he's
Sorry, I've had my fill of you guys.
That scared me so bad. Well, I was just
saying he's stupid. He fell through the
floor.
That's my moronic white boy.
That's my white demon.
Like it is kind of hot when men are
stupid. Like he can't do basic
multiplication, but he can like look
good. You know what I mean?
Knock knock. Oh, look who came out of
their cave to join us for family dinner.
Stay back.
I might hurt you again.
I'm so scared.
When that happened,
I wasn't myself anymore.
I was something else.
She must have been terrifying. I know
you, too.
It's okay to be afraid, you know.
But you can't run.
You got to keep moving forward.
We will beat this. He
has some form of muscle.
He's definitely not buff, but you're He
does have muscle, I suppose.
I don't know if I can.
You can.
Just give me a heads up before you stab
me next time. Okay,
Leon.
Thanks.
competent dumbass trope. Really is
badass. Not going to lie.
Bye, Moonlight. Glow.
[Music]
Wait, I just did that.
Luis, where are you?
Sorry, I uh I screwed up. Come to my
rescue, Prince Charming.
I'll show you Charming, pal.
Come on, I'm in the ballroom past the
courtyard. Don't be late to the dance.
Can't believe that guy.
He's in trouble. We can't just leave
him, right?
There's like a flaggy waggy component to
this.
This is where we just came from.
How far can we backtrack?
Well, I guess I can, but I don't feel
like it anymore.
Welcome back, Darth Vader.
Louis kicking his kicking his feet and
twirling his hair talking to Leon. Yeah,
it's that that's the situation.
Sorry, Ashley. I'm looking at like
objects and vases.
I'm very famous for pottery.
spread out.
Okay.
Good sound everyone.
[Applause]
Okay.
Hey, look. The flag's been lowered.
I actually was really, really thrilled
about that.
What the dog doing?
Keep your dogs on a leash, people.
Come on.
It's like fine.
I have like no health items, but it's
really fine.
Conveniently open window. I like that.
You miss. You suck at this game.
Do I have to tell her to do that?
I'm confused.
Oh, I see
here. Hold this down.
Hang on.
Be careful.
I don't want to. I want to take as many
risks as possible.
Imagine
she was just like be reckless.
They're here.
Ashley, run.
Oh yeah,
away
[Music]
next.
[__]
Just relax.
[Music]
Hold on. I'll take care of him.
And
here's a question. Why don't we give
Ashley a gun?
She can certainly use one.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
What's a reason not to give her a gun?
It's locked.
Thank you, kind stranger. Here is your
renew.
Wolf's looking a little different today.
Dude,
how do I get the venom from the Viper
removed?
Hey.
[Music]
Oh, back here.
Good.
Get off.
Are you sure you can eat vipers as is?
If the poison glands are removed, it may
be eaten.
I have not removed the poison glands.
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
They can climb over walls.
They fly now. They fly now. Right
next.
Hop in the pony.
What was that?
Thank you.
Was that blade song? The flag is raised
or whatever.
Now we can finally get out of this maze.
That's a worrying sentence for me, Leon,
cuz that that usually means something
crazy is going to happen.
[Music]
Well, what do you know?
Holy
[__]
[Music]
Here's
Leon Fortnite.
[Applause]
Ballroom must be this way.
I have some new goods that might
interest you.
More blue medallions.
process
of creating comic catcher and the reish.
Um,
the original version it it sounded like
either too positive or too neutral.
Take a look something. I I wanted it to
sound eventually like I had the idea of
it being like sounding like a covert
mission at first the whole Call of Duty
theming and stuff and like you know I
part of it was like the idea of like
like roleplaying a character inside the
story to sort of distract herself you
know
like turning this like traumatic
situation into like a game for herself
but like she has been doing that so much
in the story that's like that's that's
what causes her to break. So narratively
I thought it was a cool idea to
do that. Oh,
and so I I tried a lot to make it sound
more cinematic and like sad before it
goes onto the glitch hop part
and stuff. And the glitch hot part was
um inspired partially by Cadence for the
Dying from Mystic Acoustics because in
that song there's like a whole funky
section that's actually supposed to
represent like Saturn dissociating.
um kind of like a psychedelic trip of
some sort. And that's what I imagined
like the drop part of Kamicatra to sound
like or to represent rather
welcome. I got something new for you.
A deal well struck.
You're wear That's good work, if I do
say so myself.
Stocking up while you can. Wise choice.
Molding a weapon to suit your specific
needs.
Dazzled, are you?
Our craftsmanship demand got a selection
of good things on sale, stranger.
Come back anytime.
Got a new game, stranger, just for you.
Why not give it a try if you're up to
it?
Having
a hard time hitting a target? It's all
about position.
3 2 1 begin.
Sweet.
Help.
Well, the scope stops working when you
zoom out. It's like kind of this.
Reload.
Double kill.
Are you serious?
Yes.
[Music]
That's your lot.
What is that pirate?
Well, well, you did better than
expected.
Okay, gotcha life now.
You really are a pro, aren't you?
Sure.
Daddy said, "Welcome to your life.
There's so much to see.
[Music]
Quick scoping now. Barely.
I have something I think you like.
like sore.
Why not treat you?
What?
You don't get car sick or anything, do
you?
You're about to find out.
Hey, this is it.
I thought we were going to get like a
roller coaster ride.
Wait, what?
Oh my god, this area.
Okay.
Oh, it leads back here.
Yeah, I said that.
Come on.
That's cute.
We're here.
I have something I think you like.
You want so much attention.
Look, there's a statue up there.
Yeah, there's a few of those in here.
No good.
There's a symbol on the wall.
intrusive thought.
Ah,
it's locked.
We're going to have to go through a
predicament, I'm sure.
We're sandwiched. All right.
What's
up?
Hey, up on the balcony.
[Music]
Well, Leon, that's your fault. Relax.
We're sandwiched. All right.
Not bad, right?
What's happening?
Give me a break already.
Hey, up on the balcony.
[Music]
Hey,
the other side.
Leon, he's back.
We got like a good rag doll going on
over here.
One down.
[__]
Hold on for a second.
Out of the way.
[Music]
Senor
You're in the way.
Sorry, must have slipped.
Not bad, right?
Leon
got cocky for a sec.
Well, the ragdoll is gone and now I'm
sad.
Making progress.
Look at Miss Positive.
Truth. Moab.
That's my goat.
guys. Really?
Didn't we have Didn't we go over this?
None of this.
Ashley, would you mind like
I'm fine. Remember
She wants him to die so badly. She was
just ready for it to happen already.
[__]
You all right?
Yeah, no big deal.
No, I'm dead. Ow.
All that for a drop of goat.
Hey, Leon, there's some armor. Bet you
could use it like a bulletproof vest.
Little old-fashioned for my taste.
Too bad. I think you'd look pretty
dashing.
Okay,
one of these is going to come to life.
Maybe all of them are going to come to
life.
Ashley, stay up there.
Okay, be careful.
Leon, the armor.
Yeah.
Come on, you can't be serious.
And don't call me Charlie,
you idiot. I have eye frames. Heat.
Heat.
[Music]
Don't
heat
Look, it stopped moving.
I don't think they like the land on
fire.
Take this. Get away from Leon.
Holy [__] Is she guarded?
Ashley, it's okay. Just stay safe.
actually might be guarded or something.
Three this time.
Go to hell, you rusty piece of [__]
Come on.
[Music]
Hey, are you okay?
Yeah.
Nighty night, nights.
[Music]
What? Whatever.
Leon,
got to be safe. Whatever.
Are you sure you're all right? You're
not burned, are you?
No. Thanks for your help. That really
did the trick.
skills.
Sure, man.
Who? And why?
Galaxy Squid official.
Gone. Okay.
Oh, hello.
Hit that lever.
Got it. Hello.
What are we streaming today?
I am I'm streaming Resident Evil to uh
to to stream.
Hello stream. I'm in the car.
Galaxy Squickle is in the car.
Yes.
Holy [__] Should I Dude, I know this is
like this is like big news, but I just
got cubic device.
That's really awesome.
They're going to move, do you?
Watch out. I'm blinking.
You're like so nice. I don't want to
kill.
I just wanted to say hi, but my car
sounds going to be really annoying, so
I'm not going to
It's okay. Everyone say hi to Galaxy
Squid anyway.
Unless you like the sound of my blinkers
and a water bottle rolling around in my
past.
Hello, bro.
What is What is up every nutnut?
What is up every nutnut?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Yavage.
Tick tock.
Don't stop.
Hey, it fits.
Make it drop
on the floor.
Looks like we're still missing a piece.
Everybody do the dinosaur.
Everybody do the waffle. Whoa. Right.
Tell me I'm wrong.
You can't cuz I'm enormous. I'm growing.
I'm growing. I'm growing.
Ah,
I just realized I'm going the opposite
way of where I need to go.
I'm a fool.
statue of some snakes.
Yes, Leon, those are indeed snakes. And
a statue of them,
huh? A dining hall.
Eat here. No thanks.
No thanks.
Whoa.
Huh?
You broke that.
Yeah, we were breaking things around
here.
[Music]
So, uh, you do a lot of missions like
this.
Well, yeah, but I'm not used to having
such good company.
Is that a compliment?
Take it however you want.
Take it however you want,
Ashley.
Okay.
[Music]
Ding.
Oh.
Huh? Nothing's happening.
What the [__]
Have a seat.
Hang on.
Each have a different food.
Hooray.
This one empty.
And that one empty. So maybe these ones.
We got to be missing something.
Got it.
Don't Don't whistle at her. What the
hell?
[__]
not a dog.
Okay,
Ashley,
hang on.
Well, everyone have a lovely grownup
day. I'm going to go now.
Okay, bro.
Said, "Okay,
bro. I'm going to go listen to the album
11 Pony Step by Violet Pony." If you
guys heard of that one,
everyone should listen to the album 11
Pony Step by Violet Pony.
Yeah.
So, yeah. Y
okay. She needs like
an empty
this one. No,
it's not even right anyway. Needs like
an empty
empty
seat.
Okay. And then
bread. And the big one.
Big one has to be on the right side.
This should be it.
Leon.
Looks like we figured it out.
Okay. Now what?
Where's the dangeros?
Is that it?
No dangerous.
Leon, the stairs.
I guess
[Applause]
one day
run now.
[Music]
[Applause]
I won't run.
Wait for me, Leon.
What does that mean?
Oh,
I'm like an Ashley type character.
Sorry for the immersion.
Don't scare me like that.
[Music]
I can like
I can like see the moolisk within. You
know that, right?
Is that a clock?
Yes,
the hands move.
That is how it works.
Chosen time.
There's no way it would be the time that
it is right now for me, right?
There's a clock here.
It's like if the small one is our which
I think it is right.
Oh, I can't tell which one is which.
I think it's almost midnight.
And the thing is here.
I don't know.
For the chosen time.
I'm a little lost at this. Small
hand small hand is our hand. Yeah.
So then is it like this?
Oh,
that's
Yes.
Is that going to When is that going to
move?
What's that noise?
Don't come any closer.
Thank God.
I am done with armor.
Well, welcome to a room full of it.
Can't see the mollisk within.
Didn't I just say I was done?
Yes, bro.
I can see the mlllesk within this one.
I can see the mollisk within this one
and that one.
This sucks.
That's one way I would put it.
Stay away.
Heat.
What the heck?
the all spark.
Sam,
no. No, don't go out
again. I've had enough of this.
Okay, good nights and stay still.
But aren't there other knights awaiting
me over here?
No,
Okay.
A great sadness fills my nostrils.
I'm baiting you.
Bye.
Where do I go?
Thank you for that sound.
Where do I put this?
What am I going to do?
like
heat.
What am I doing?
Where do I place this object?
Are they stupid?
[Music]
Almost there.
All right.
Leon.
Ashley, are you all right? Yeah. Give me
a sec. I'll get you out.
[Music]
Hey, try this.
Can you make it down? I can catch you.
Yeah, I think so.
Ashley,
what is even that
[Music]
all from Warcraft?
[__]
Okay.
[Music]
Okay. This is like halfway through the
game now potentially or something like
that.
Anyhow,
I will stop stream here.
[Music]
Try adjusting. I'm doing this. I will
stop stream here.
Daddy said then it was stream.
That was stream.
Thanks for being a part of our world.
Goodbye.